What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository, git creates a "snapshot" of the 
	current directory and all of the files within, if any.  A hidden 
	file is created which will keep track of any commits from this point 
	on.  Without it, any change to the files will occur but the previous 
	versions will be lost.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a section where final changes can be made, which will 
	stop errors happening related to commits.  If the wrong file is added or 
	omitted, the staging area will be the place to check before actually 
	finalizing the commit.  Doing so will be a good check that everything has 
	been updated properly.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	The staging area is the last step before making a commit, so it is the 
	perfect place to check that everything has been done correctly and with a 
	purpose.  At the staging area point, checking the changes made can make 
	commits more efficient.  Comparing to the working directory will show the 
	changes as you make them: change some code, place it on the staging area, 
	continue changing code, and compare to keep track of changes and 
	progress.  When ready to make a commit, comparing the staging area with 
	the last commit will show the over-all differences.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches help to create different versions with separate purposes or 
	functionalities.  A branch can be used to experiment on code without 
	ruining the current progress done.   If the experimental changes work, the 
	branch can be used to expand the main branch or it can be merged with any 
	updated version of the master branch.  If the changes fail, the branch can 
	be discarded without worry of losing any valuable data.  If a working 
	version of code is made, branches can be used to have multiple versions 
	with major differences and purposes.  The master branch can be the 
	original, working code which can be updated and improved.  The other 
	branches can be changes such as language changes, different settings, 
	different looks, etc...

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	A diagram is the best physical representation of the 
	intricate connections of the many possible branches that 
	can be created.  In a way, it is much like a decision 
	tree which can veer off in a completely different line 
	and possible merge with a later instance.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches will compare each of the files in one branch to the 
	corresponding file in the other branch.  The differences in the files will 
	be noted and Git will use some logic to determine which changes will be 
	kept.  If a line was deleted in either branch, the line will be deleted in 
	the merged file.  If a line was added in either branch, the line will be 
	added to the merged file.  In the diagram, the two branches join, but it 
	is the Master branch that keeps the name since that was the current branch 
	at the moment of the merge.  The second branch can stay, but it seems like 
	good practice to delete the name of it to clear up the log.  The commits 
	from that branch will still be available in the log, although special care 
	will be needed if trying to make any comparisons between commits while the 
	two branches were independent.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Using Git's automatic merging, changes between two different versions of 
	a file will be brought to attention, allowing for comparison of two 
	different but related blocks of code.  It can, however, overlook the 
	importance of different parts if one file eliminates something essential 
	for the other.  There is still a need for discussion before finalizing a 
	merge in order to add the important changes from both versions and 
	removing the obsolete material that was eliminated.